ticdc: improve description about ticdc compatibility with lightning & BR (#21609)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/ticdc-overview.md

- A TiKV cluster that uses RawKV alone.
- The [`CREATE SEQUENCE` DDL operation](/sql-statements/sql-statement-create-sequence.md) and the [`SEQUENCE` function](/sql-statements/sql-statement-create-sequence.md#sequence-function) in TiDB. When the upstream TiDB uses `SEQUENCE`, TiCDC ignores `SEQUENCE` DDL operations/functions performed upstream. However, DML operations using `SEQUENCE` functions can be correctly replicated.

> - Currently, performing [TiDB Lightning physical import](/tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-physical-import-mode.md) on tables and databases that are being replicated by TiCDC is not supported. For more information, see [What are the compatibility limitations between TiDB Lightning Physical Import Mode and TiCDC?](/ticdc/ticdc-faq.md#what-are-the-compatibility-limitations-between-tidb-lightning-physical-import-mode-and-ticdc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Currently, importing data via [TiDB Lightning physical import mode](/tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-physical-import-mode.md) on tables and databases that are being replicated by TiCDC is not supported. For more information, see [What are the compatibility limitations between TiDB Lightning Physical Import Mode and TiCDC?](/ticdc/ticdc-faq.md#what-are-the-compatibility-limitations-between-tidb-lightning-physical-import-mode-and-ticdc).
```

> - Currently, importing data via [TiDB Lightning physical import mode](/tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-physical-import-mode.md) on tables and databases that are being replicated by TiCDC is not supported. For more information, see [What are the compatibility limitations between TiDB Lightning Physical Import Mode and TiCDC?](/ticdc/ticdc-faq.md#what-are-the-compatibility-limitations-between-tidb-lightning-physical-import-mode-and-ticdc).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Currently, importing data using [TiDB Lightning physical import mode](/tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-physical-import-mode.md) on tables and databases that are being replicated by TiCDC is not supported. For more information, see [What are the compatibility limitations between TiDB Lightning Physical Import Mode and TiCDC?](/ticdc/ticdc-faq.md#what-are-the-compatibility-limitations-between-tidb-lightning-physical-import-mode-and-ticdc).
```
